# Advanced-Visualization-using-SAP-Predictive-Analytics

Data trends can be used to make informed business decisions and plan our strategy for marketing, product development, customer service etc.
In this project I have modeled multidimensional data for Global Bike Inc as Star Schema

The fact table consists of five key figures – Sales Quantity, Revenue, Discount, Net Sales and Cost of Goods Manufactured. These facts are then analyzed against four dimensions – Time, Product, Customer and Unit.

The human visual system has evolved to be particularly good at recognizing patterns. Data visualization has become a standard analytical tool which capitalizes on the ability of humans to recognize patterns within massive quantities of multi-dimensional data generated by business information systems. Many scientific studies have led to the creation of visualization models that utilize human perception and cognition.

When the number of dimensions is small, we can use standard graphing techniques for visualization e.g. bar charts, line charts, histograms, pie charts and scatter plots.

When the number of dimensions is large, there are several novel techniques for visualizing such data. They are categorized into the following major areas 
A.	Pixel-oriented Techniques
a.	Space filling curves
b.	Recursive pattern
c.	Snake-Spiral
d.	Circle segments
B.	Geometric Projection Techniques
a.	Parallel coordinates
b.	Scatter plot matrix
c.	Hyperbox
d.	Trellis display
e.	Self-organizing maps
C.	Icon-based Techniques
a.	Star glyphs
b.	Color icons
c.	Stick figures
d.	Chernoff faces
D.	Hierarchical and Graph-based Techniques
a.	Dimensional stacking
b.	Cone trees
c.	Mosaic plots
d.	Fractal foam




